presidential was minister for affairs
Vince Qiblu business to answer
on a series of unpleasant questions in the light
recent reports that
uk government
granted export license
chemicals of one British company
whose name has not been disclosed yet
This license to supply a series of such
chemical substances
dual use as tourists potassium
sodium fluoride about these substances can
used for making
nerve gas by
reportedly license for a period of 6 months
was issued by the ministry
entrepreneurship uk 17 18
January 2012
when the war in syria was already in full swing
serious concern is the fact that
this license was issued at all
a number of other critical issues remain
the ministry said that
analyzed can these substances
be applied during hostilities
domestically in their opinion export
licenses were issued correctly also they
received a guarantee from the exporter’s company
the fact that these chemicals will
used for the manufacture of window frames
as already mentioned these chemicals
substances can be used to
create nirna paralytic substances
the application of which the government
britain blames authorities for syria
there are serious concerns
regarding the possible presence in the country
large stockpiles of chemical weapons on
chart marked places likely
locations of enterprises in which
chemical weapons could be produced
there are serious concerns
regarding what government
Syria can do with it but some
enterprises where it is supposed
large stockpiles of chemical weapons are stored
may fall into the wrong hands because
Syria is only getting worse
today british parliament
intending to understand in detail
this situation demanded an explanation of how
the British company was able to get
export license in a series of chemical
substances suitable for manufacturing
chemical weapons whose use against
civilians are blamed
xantia government forces